feat(specs): Challenge Agent specification (#5360)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/challenger.md

and ensuring the correctness of all finalized claims on the data availability layer.

The Challenger agent is intended to be ran as a permissionless service by participants of the network
alongside a [rollup-node](./rollup-node.md). Challenger agents will be rewarded in the form of the
bond attached to the claims they disprove.

## Terminology

- **data availability layer** - In the context of this document, the data availability layer is the
  generic term for the location where claims about the state of the layer two are made. In the context
  of Optimism, this is Ethereum Mainnet.
- **L2** - In the context of this document, the layer two of the Optimistic Rollup. In the context
  of Optimism, this is the Optimism Mainnet.
- **rollup-node** - In the context of this document, the rollup node describes the
  [rollup-node specification](./rollup-node.md). In the context of Optimism, this is the implementation
  of the [rollup-node specification](./rollup-node.md), the `op-node`.

## Event and Response Lifecycle

The Challenger agent is expected to be able to listen for and respond to several different events

> on the data availability layer. These events and responses differ depending on the type of dispute game being
> played. For more information on the separate types of dispute games, see the

Reviewer: Verbiage nit

```suggestion
on the data availability layer. The events are parameterized depending on the
type of dispute game being played. Challenger agents respond in different ways
according to the different types of games. For specifications of game types, see the
```

[Dispute Game Interfaces specification](./dispute-game-interfaces.md) and
[Dispute Game specification](./dispute-game.md).

> ### `GameType.FAULT`

Reviewer: Would be nice if the order of the game types matched the ordering of the enum for consistency 🤠

Author: Totally- originally had it like this, but I figured that `VALIDITY` is far enough down the line that it could go at the bottom of the doc.

Reviewer: Sure!

# Challenger Specification

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Description](#description)
- [Terminology](#terminology)
- [Event and Response Lifecycle](#event-and-response-lifecycle)
  - [`GameType.FAULT`](#gametypefault)
  - [`GameType.ATTESTATION`](#gametypeattestation)
  - [`GameType.VALIDITY`](#gametypevalidity)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Description

The Challenger is an off-chain agent that listens for faulty claims made about the state of

> the L2 on the data availability layer. It is responsible for challenging these incorrect claims

Reviewer 2: Hmm i'm not sure if this is accurate. Technically the claims power the bridge which is the settlement layer
